your words mean nothing to me hey hey
hey hey hey hey
you know if killing Ronan is truly your
sole purpose I don't think this is the
best way to go about it are you not the
man this once you tempted to kill well I
mean she's hardly the first woman to try
and do that to me
look this is like from a smoking hot
rage a girl stabbed me with a fork
didn't like me skipping out on her
sunrise I get right here at Kri girl
tried to rip out my thorax she caught me
with this skinny little Oscar Marion who
worked in Nova records I was trying to
get information and we're seeing Oscar
Berrien have tentacles needles for teeth
I think I'm seriously interested in that
you don't care but here's the point she
betrayed Ronan he's coming back for her
Emily does that's when you why would I
put my finger on his throat what
oh no symbol it said this is a symbol
for you slicing his throat
I would not slice a strong I would cut
his head clean to general expression for
you killing somebody you've heard of
this you've seen this right you know
what that is yeah yeah everyone knows No